
Your privacy is important to us. Readdress does not store any of your email contents.

On rare occasions we may email you regarding major feature upgrades, but you'll be able to block these emails if you wish (we hope you don't though).

We @ Readdress do not modify the emails we forward to you, though we may user your personal information (email id, phone number) to provide better services described on this website. We do not share you personal information to others.

When you register we ask for information such as your name, email address, birth date, gender, plus code, we might also ask for your address.  

Readdress collects information about your transactions with us and with some of our business partners, including information about your use of services that we offer.

Readdress uses information for the following general purposes: to customize the advertising and content you see, fulfill your requests for products and services, improve our services, contact you, conduct research, and provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients.

Readdress may choose to send targeted advertisements based on personal information. 

Readdress does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies except to provide products or services you've requested, when we have your permission, we may share your pluscode with out buisness partners to provide better services to you or under the following circumstances:
    1) We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Readdress under confidentiality agreements. These companies may use your personal information to help Readdress provide better service to you.
    2) We respond to court orders, or legal process (such as law enforcement requests), or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
    3) We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Yahoo's terms of use, or as otherwise required by law. 
    4) Readdress is not responsible for crimes executed by individuals againts law of the land.

    5) You may use our Services only as permitted by law.  We may suspend or stop providing our Services to you if you do not comply with our terms or policies or if we are investigating suspected misconduct.

    If you choose to use Readdress, you must commit to the following:
1) You may not sell, resell, or offer for any commercial purposes, any part of the 33Mail service.
2) You may not use Readdress service to break the law. We will cooperate fully with requests from law enforcement agencies as part of any legitimate investigation of a crime.
3) You may only use Readdress if you accept these terms, in full, without modification.
4) Readdress may terminate your account for any reason, including but not limited to violation of these terms, with absolute discretion.
5) Readdress will not be liable to you or to any third party if we terminate your account.
6) Readdress may delete, or not delete, your account at our sole discretion, as well as to delete, or not delete, content at our sole discretion.
7) You shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Readdress, and anyone related to Readdress (including its parent corporation, affiliates, their respective officers, employees and agents, and each of Readdress's partners), from any and all claims, demands, damages, costs, and liabilities including reasonable attorneys' fees, made my any third party due to or arising out of that user's acts or omissions, including claims arising out of that user's use of the Readdress service; his or her submission, posting or transmission of Content, or his or her violation of the Terms.


*You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, trade, resell or exploit for any commercial purposes, any portion or use of, or access to, the Readdress Services (including Content, advertisements, Software and your Readdress ID).

You agree that, except as otherwise expressly provided in this TOS, there shall be no third-party beneficiaries to this agreement.


By signingnup You agree that all of Readdress’s trademarks, trade names, service marks and logos and brand features, and product and service names are trademarks and the property of Readdress! Inc. Without Readdress's prior permission, you agree not to display or use in any manner.

No Right of Survivorship and Non-Transferability. You agree that your Readdress ID is non-transferable and any rights to your Readdress ID or contents within your account terminate upon your death. Upon receipt of a copy of a death certificate, your account may be terminated and all your peronal contents therein permanently deleted.


We are constantly changing and improving our Services. We may add or remove functionalities or features and we may suspend or stop a Service altogether.
You can stop using our Services at any time, although we would be sorry to see you go. 

Code of Conduct.
a. Content, material or actions that violate these Terms are not permitted. By agreeing to these Terms, you’re under the obligation to follow these rules:
i. Don’t do anything illegal.
ii. Don’t engage in any activity that exploits, harms or threatens to harm children.
iii. Don’t send spam. Spam is unwanted or unsolicited bulk email, postings, contact requests, SMS (text messages) or instant messages.
iv. Don’t publicly display or use the Services to share any inappropriate Content or other material (involving, for example, nudity, bestiality, pornography, graphic violence or criminal activity).
v. Don’t engage in activity that is false or misleading (e.g. asking for money under false pretenses, impersonating someone else, manipulating the Services to increase play count, or affect rankings, ratings or comments).
vi. Don’t willfully circumvent any restrictions on access to or availability of the Services.
vii. Don’t engage in activity that is harmful to you, the Services or others (e.g. transmitting viruses, stalking, communicating hate speech or advocating violence against others).
viii. Don’t infringe upon the rights of others (e.g, unauthorised sharing of copyrighted music or other copyrighted material, resale or other distribution of Bing maps or photographs).
ix. Don’t engage in activity that violates the privacy of others.
x. Don’t help others break these rules.


